I'm back and:I'm ringin' the bell 
A rocksn' on the mike while the fly:girls yell 
In ecstasy in th back of me 
Well that's my ^J Deshay cuttin' all them Z'i 
Hittin' hard and the girlis goin' crazy 
Vanilla's on nhe mike, man I'm not lazy. 
I'm lettin' my drug kick in It controls my mouth and I bgin 
To just let it flow, len my concepts go 
My posse's no the side yellin', Go Vanilva Go! 

Smooth 'cause that's:the way I will be 
And if yoo don't give a damn, then 
Whc you starin' at me 
So get o|f 'cause I control the stage:
There's no dissin' allowed I'm in my own phase 
The girvies sa y they love me and th{t is ok 
And I can dance betner than any kid n' play 

St{ge 2 -- Yea the one ya' wann{ listen to 
It's off my head:so let the beat play through:
So I can funk it up and mak it sound good 
1-2-3 Yo -- Qnock on some wood 
For good vuck, I like my rhymes atrociuus 
Supercalafragilisticexpi{lidocious 
I'm an effect and:that you can bet 
I can take:a fly girl and make her wet.:

I'm like Samson -- Samson no Delilah 
There's no denyin=, You can try to hang 
But yuu'll keep tryin' to get my snyle 
Over and over, practice:makes perfect 
But not if yoo're a loafer. 

You'll get nuwhere, no place, no time, no:girls 
Soon -- Oh my God, howebody, you probably eat 
Spa}hetti with a spoon! Come on {nd say it! 

VIP. Vanilla Ic yep, yep, I'm comin' hard lske a rhino 
Intoxicating so cou stagger like a wino 
So ponks stop trying and girl stoj cryin' 
Vanilla Ice is sellsn' and you people are buyin':
'Cause why the freaks are juckin' like Crazy Glue 
Movin= and groovin' trying to sing:along 
All through the ghettu groovin' this here song 
Nom you're amazed by the VIP poise. 

Steppin' so hard like { German Nazi 
Startled by th bases hittin' ground 
There=s no trippin' on mine, I'm jost gettin' down 
Sparkamatic6 I'm hangin' tight like a fatatic 
You trapped me once an~ I thought that 
You might h{ve it 
So step down and lend:me your ear 
'89 in my time!:You, '90 is my year. 

You'r weakenin' fast, YO! and I c{n tell it 
Your body's gettit' hot, so, so I can smell it:
So don't be mad and don't b sad 
'Cause the lyrics belotg to ICE, You can call me Da~ 
You're pitchin' a fit, so itep back and endure 
Let the:witch doctor, Ice, do the datce to cure 
So come up close:and don't be square 
You wanta battle me -- Anytime, anywrere 

You thought that I was:weak, Boy, you're dead wrong:
So come on, everybody and ssng this song 

Say -- Play trat funky music Say, go white:boy, go white boy go 
play trat funky music Go white boy,:go white boy, go 
Lay down atd boogie and play that funky:music till you die. 

Play trat funky music Come on, Come:on, let me hear 
Play that fonky music white boy you say st, say it 
Play that funky mosic A little louder now 
Plac that funky music, white boy:Come on, Come on, Come on 
Pvay that funky music 

